that night the king could not sleep so
that night the king could not sleep so one was commanded to bring the book of
one was commanded to bring the book of
one was commanded to bring the book of the records of the Chronicles and they
the records of the Chronicles and they
the records of the Chronicles and they were read before the king and it was
were read before the king and it was
were read before the king and it was found written that Mordecai had told a
found written that Mordecai had told a
found written that Mordecai had told a big Famer and cherish two of the Kings
big Famer and cherish two of the Kings
big Famer and cherish two of the Kings eunuchs the doorkeepers would sought to
eunuchs the doorkeepers would sought to
eunuchs the doorkeepers would sought to lay hands on King Ahasuerus then the
lay hands on King Ahasuerus then the
lay hands on King Ahasuerus then the king said what honor or dignity has been
king said what honor or dignity has been
king said what honor or dignity has been bestowed upon Mordecai for this nothing
bestowed upon Mordecai for this nothing
bestowed upon Mordecai for this nothing has been done for him who was in the
has been done for him who was in the
has been done for him who was in the court now Haman had just entered the
court now Haman had just entered the
court now Haman had just entered the outer court of the king's palace to
outer court of the king's palace to
outer court of the king's palace to suggest that the King hang Mordecai on
suggest that the King hang Mordecai on
suggest that the King hang Mordecai on the gallows that he had prepared for him
the gallows that he had prepared for him
the gallows that he had prepared for him the King's servants said to him Haman is
the King's servants said to him Haman is
the King's servants said to him Haman is there standing in the court let him come
there standing in the court let him come
there standing in the court let him come in
in
in [Music]
[Music]
[Music] so Haman came in and the King asked him
so Haman came in and the King asked him
so Haman came in and the King asked him what shall be done for the man whom the
what shall be done for the man whom the
what shall be done for the man whom the King delights to honor our Haman thought
King delights to honor our Haman thought
King delights to honor our Haman thought in his heart whom would the King delight
in his heart whom would the King delight
in his heart whom would the King delight to honor more than me for the man whom
to honor more than me for the man whom
to honor more than me for the man whom the King delights to honor let a royal
the King delights to honor let a royal
the King delights to honor let a royal robe be brought which the king is worn
robe be brought which the king is worn
robe be brought which the king is worn and a horse on which the King is written
and a horse on which the King is written
and a horse on which the King is written which has a royal crest placed on its
which has a royal crest placed on its
which has a royal crest placed on its head then let this robe and horse be
head then let this robe and horse be
head then let this robe and horse be delivered to the hand of one of the
delivered to the hand of one of the
delivered to the hand of one of the Kings most noble Prince's that he may
Kings most noble Prince's that he may
Kings most noble Prince's that he may array the man whom the King delights to
array the man whom the King delights to
array the man whom the King delights to honor then parade him on horseback
honor then parade him on horseback
honor then parade him on horseback through the city square and proclaimed
through the city square and proclaimed
through the city square and proclaimed before him thus shall it be done to the
before him thus shall it be done to the
before him thus shall it be done to the man whom the King delights to honor
hurry take the robe and the horse as you
hurry take the robe and the horse as you have suggested and do so for Mordecai
have suggested and do so for Mordecai
have suggested and do so for Mordecai the Jew who sits within the Kings gate
the Jew who sits within the Kings gate
the Jew who sits within the Kings gate leave nothing undone of all that you
leave nothing undone of all that you
leave nothing undone of all that you have spoken
so Haman took the robe on the horse
so Haman took the robe on the horse arrayed Mordecai and led him on
arrayed Mordecai and led him on
arrayed Mordecai and led him on horseback through the city square and
horseback through the city square and
horseback through the city square and proclaimed before him thus shall it be
proclaimed before him thus shall it be
proclaimed before him thus shall it be done to the man whom the King delights
done to the man whom the King delights
done to the man whom the King delights to honor afterward
to honor afterward
to honor afterward Mordecai went back to the Kings games
Mordecai went back to the Kings games
Mordecai went back to the Kings games but Haman hurried to his house morning
but Haman hurried to his house morning
but Haman hurried to his house morning and with his head covered when Haman
and with his head covered when Haman
and with his head covered when Haman told his wife 0sh and all his friends
told his wife 0sh and all his friends
told his wife 0sh and all his friends everything that had happened to him his
everything that had happened to him his
everything that had happened to him his wise men and his wife zerah said to him
wise men and his wife zerah said to him
wise men and his wife zerah said to him if Mordecai before whom you have begun
if Mordecai before whom you have begun
if Mordecai before whom you have begun to fall is of Jewish descent you will
to fall is of Jewish descent you will
to fall is of Jewish descent you will not prevail against him but will surely
not prevail against him but will surely
not prevail against him but will surely fall before him while they were still
fall before him while they were still
fall before him while they were still talking with him the Kings eunuchs came
talking with him the Kings eunuchs came
talking with him the Kings eunuchs came and hastened to bring Haman to the
and hastened to bring Haman to the
and hastened to bring Haman to the banquet which Esther had prepared
banquet which Esther had prepared
banquet which Esther had prepared [Music]